README.md, before:

# BoilerplateApp

## Introduction

This is an Angular 8 BoilerPlate app that includes -
1. Skeleton and starter pack for making Angular 8 apps
2. Most Commonly used Pages like - login, signup, home, dashboard, etc.
3. Responsive structure and design using the CSS Grid Layout Module
4. Feature Modules (Auth, Home and Reports) with routing and hierarchical lazy loading implemented
5. Core Module that takes care of singleton services, classes, interfaces, etc.
6. Common Shared Module that handles components, directives, guards, 3rd party modules, etc. to be used by all feature modules
7. Feature Shared Module for Home Module that includes common features to be used only by Home Module

## Installatation Instructions

Open base folder with the name angular-8-boiler-plate in command prompt or terminal and then run `npm i` to install all the dependencies.

## Run Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Make Deployable Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

Commit message:

Added initial login instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

# BoilerplateApp

## Introduction

This is an Angular 8 BoilerPlate app that includes -
1. Skeleton and starter pack for making Angular 8 apps
2. Most Commonly used Pages like - login, signup, home, dashboard, etc.
3. Responsive structure and design using the CSS Grid Layout Module
4. Feature Modules (Auth, Home and Reports) with routing and hierarchical lazy loading implemented
5. Core Module that takes care of singleton services, classes, interfaces, etc.
6. Common Shared Module that handles components, directives, guards, 3rd party modules, etc. to be used by all feature modules
7. Feature Shared Module for Home Module that includes common features to be used only by Home Module

## Installation Instructions

Open base folder with the name angular-8-boiler-plate in command prompt or terminal and then run `npm i` to install all the dependencies.

## Run Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`.
Use any (non-empty) username and password to login.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Make Deployable Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
